Hello dear friends with you mr
horse
and today we will talk about how
set up all the same microphone in skype
let him go now now skype
sees the waters at skype skype skype skype
skype skype come on come on come on come on
come on damn it's bad this is my username
skype you can add so i will log in
but I left so now you are looking for someone like that
well let's all get going so how
still set up the skype microphone here
conclusion call skype as if all
record video try everything works
The microphone in skype for some reason does not work
let's climb skype into the tools and
settings after that we'll go
sound settings, and choose our microphone at
me it will be a microphone that you have
there may be another video as hesitates
Now if I put another I will
fluctuate because not waver
and now I will try to put here you
this
but it's not there not to hesitate this one
speakers it will be in which you hear
what you will say understand and
now you know it is not necessary as if the volume
will be yourself she's like you
understand so he should
stand here this one like mine before
I stood java stop this one and this is how
see me everything will work
click save and all
You have all set up a microphone.
to a friend friends to everyone you want
call or call you without
difference well that's all friends is all that
I wanted to show you in this video lessons
subscribe put likes with you
mr horse all bye